Cody, after being your best friend and telling you all my hopes and desires, I need to tell you what will make me happy.

You have always been there for me through our ups and downs; you've listened to my problems and, most of all Cody, you've put up with me and all the crazy things I do. I love being with you and acting like a complete fool, and I just love everything about Cody.

You are the best friend I have ever had, but last night when I was trying to go to sleep, I kept thinking about all the other boys. But then I thought about Cody, and I couldn't stop thinking about you! I thought about all the good times we've had together, and I thought about that day we went to Kiwi loco, and I realized that it's not the other people I want to be with, it's you Cody. I love you and I want to be with you, forever and a day.

How I wish words could express the thoughts that I have about Cody. If I should say, "Cody, I love you!" then the greater percent of my feelings would still be unexpressed. But of course, I must say something. My heart longs for you, and I must tell you that. I long to see the face of Cody, and to hear your voice. Just thinking of you helps make my day a better one.

Cody, life is so unpredictable. Changes are always coming, big or small. I ask myself what is really special about you?

It might be all the things I see on the surface, the things that everyone notices and admires about your qualities, talents, and wonderful smile so obviously connected to a warm and loving heart. These are the things that make you Cody! These things set you apart from everyone else. And it might also be the little things--the way you walk, the way you talk, and every action. It gives me joy just to see a smile in your eyes. If I ever figure out the magic that makes you so special, I'd probably find out that it's a combination of all these things. I don't think there is a way your codyness could be that simple. You are a rare person. I find you really amazing!

Inside me there is a place where my sweetest dreams reside, where my highest hopes are kept alive, where my deepest feelings are felt, and where my favorite memories are kept safe and warm. Cody, when I'm with you, I don't need that place. With you, I can abandon all thought and just be happy. I don't care what my friends, or parents say. You're different from te rest. I find that you're on my mind more often than anything else. Sometimes I intentionally think of you just to make my day brighter. You have an incredible aura. But more often, you surprise me and I find you in my thoughts. There are even times when I realize you've been a part of my dreams. Kody, you are in my dreams! Then during the day, when my imagination is free to run, it takes me into your big, strong, sexy, arms and allows me to linger there, knowing there's nothing I'd rather do. I know my thoughts are reflecting the loving hopes of my heart because whenever they wander, they always take me to you.

Only special things can come inside my heart and stay. And now cod y, I realize how deeply my life has been touched by you. Cody, my dearest codykins, I will NEVER love anyone like I love you. Never feel the same way about anyone else. I'm just happy to call you mine. :)